Personal Robot:

For each person that enters the elevator:
	Until you hear a response, or until you have attempted three times:
   		Ask what floor they are trying to reach
   		Wait three second's for a response
   	If no response is heard and three attempts have been made:
   		Press lobby button to reach ground level

   		After person has vocalized desired floor:
   			Confirm desired floor by repeating desired floor only once.
   			If person says "Yes",
   				Then proceed to desired floor by pressing the desired floor level button
   				Starting from floor 1 move on to the proceeding floor button until desired floor button is reached
   			If person says "No"
   				Once again, ask what floor they are trying to reach.
   				After person has vocalized desired floor:
   					Confirm desired floor by repeating desired floor only once.
   					Repeat until you have confirmed desired floor.
   					Then proceed to desired floor by pressing the floor level button
   					Starting from floor 1 move on to the processing button until desired floor is reached
   		After reaching desired, open floor door by pressing open door button
   			Thank person for using your service 
   			Wish them a swell day


Making Tea:
1. Remove tea kettle top, and fill tea kettle with desire amount of water from water facet.
2. Once you have reached your desired level of water, turn off facet and reattach tea kettle top.
3. Place tea kettle on stove burner.
4. Turn on stove burner, and select desired heat level from (low to high) flame level.
5. Wait until water is boiling. When water is boiling, tea kettle should make a whistling noice from spout. 
6. Once you heard the tea whistling, turn off stover burner.
7. Select a tea cup to drink from.
8. If tea kettle has heat resistant handle, then grab hand and pour the hot water into a tea cup.
8. If kettle does not have a heat resistant handle, then use an avon mit to grab handle and pour the hot water into a tea cup.
9. Place tea kettle back on stove burner. 
10. Select a desired tea bag from pantry.
11. Remove tea bag from pagaging.
12. Seep tea bag into hot water.
13. Wait 5 minutes for tea to seep and water to cool.
14. At five minutes, check water temperature to see if the tea is drinkable by place a tip of your finger in the tea.
15. If temperature suits your desire, enjoy your tea.
16. If tea temperature is too hot, then periodically check every two minutes until you reach your desired temperature.
17. Once you reach your desired temperature, enjoy your tea.



